[AWS Firehose] Improve Firehose documentation (#4818)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/cloud-monitoring/aws/ingest-aws-firehose.asciidoc

. From the *Destination settings* panel, specify the following settings:
+
* *Elastic endpoint URL*: Enter the {es} endpoint here. To find the {es} endpoint, go to the https://cloud.elastic.co/[Elastic Cloud] console, select your deployment and use *Copy endpoint* next to *Elasticsearch*. Example: `https://<deployment_name>.es.<region>.<csp>.elastic-cloud.com`.
+

> * *API key*: Enter the encoded Elastic API key. This can be created in Kibana by following the instructions under API Keys. If you are using an API key with Restricted privileges, be sure to review the Indices privileges to provide at least "auto_configure" & "write" permissions for the indices you will be using with this delivery stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *API key*: Enter the encoded Elastic API key. This can be created in Kibana by following the instructions under API Keys. If you are using an API key with Restricted privileges, be sure to review the Indices privileges to provide at least "auto_configure" and "write" permissions for the indices you will be using with this delivery stream.
```

+
* *Content encoding*: To reduce the data transfer costs, use GZIP encoding.
+
* *Retry duration*: Determines how long Firehose continues retrying the request in the event of an error. A duration between 60 and 300 seconds should be suitable for most use cases.
+
* *Parameters*:
+

>   ** `es_datastream_name`: This parameter is optional and can be used to set which data stream documents will be stored. When unspecified, logs will be stored in `logs-awsfirehose-default` data stream and metrics will be stored in `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` data stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ** `es_datastream_name`: This parameter is optional and can be used to set which data stream documents will be stored. If not specified, logs are stored in `logs-awsfirehose-default` data stream, and metrics are stored in `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` data stream.
```

>   ** `es_datastream_name`: This parameter is optional and can be used to set which data stream documents will be stored. When unspecified, logs will be stored in `logs-awsfirehose-default` data stream and metrics will be stored in `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` data stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ** `es_datastream_name`: This parameter is optional and can be used to set which data stream documents will be stored. If not specified, logs are stored in `logs-awsfirehose-default` data stream and metrics are stored in `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` data stream.
```
